docs/er/assistant-er.md, before:

# Assistant Domain ER Diagram

This diagram outlines the structures supporting the Hanachan AI Chatbot, focusing on session management and persistent entity linking.

```plantuml
@startuml
skinparam packageStyle rectangle
skinparam classAttributeIconSize 0
hide circle

' ==========================================
' STUBS FROM OTHER DOMAINS
' ==========================================
class User <<Stub>> {
  + id : UUID
}
class KnowledgeUnit <<Stub>> {
  + id : UUID
}

' ==========================================
' CHAT SYSTEM
' ==========================================
class ChatSession <<Entity>> {
  + id : UUID <<PK>>
  --
  user_id : UUID <<FK>>
  title : String
  created_at : Timestamp
  updated_at : Timestamp
}

class ChatMessage <<Entity>> {
  + id : UUID <<PK>>
  --
  session_id : UUID <<FK>>
  role : Enum (system, user, assistant)
  content : Text
  referenced_ku_ids : Array<UUID> -- Linked to KnowledgeUnit
  created_at : Timestamp
}

' ==========================================
' CONNECTIONS
' ==========================================
User ||--o{ ChatSession
ChatSession ||--o{ ChatMessage
ChatMessage }o..|| KnowledgeUnit : "references"

@enduml
```

## Key Architectural Decisions

1. **Array-based Entity Referencing**: For technical simplicity and performance (Supabase/PostgreSQL), referenced Knowledge Units are stored as a UUID array directly on the `ChatMessage`. This allows the AI to "tag" relevant topics in its response for interactive UI elements.

2. **Threaded Session Management**: Storing chat in `ChatSession` allows users to maintain isolated conversation threads (e.g., specific grammar questions vs. general practice), keeping retrieval contexts clean.

3. **Standard LLM Role Mapping**: The `role` enum (`system`, `user`, `assistant`) maps directly to common LLM provider requirements, simplifying the integration with LangChain and OpenAI.

Commit message:

docs(arch): update ER and package diagrams for Hanachan v2
- Refactored ER diagrams to include review_session_items and wrong_count.
- Updated sequence diagrams for FIF compliance.
- Synchronized package design document with the repository pattern.

docs/er/assistant-er.md, after:

# Assistant Domain ER Diagram

This diagram outlines the structures supporting the Hanachan AI Chatbot, focusing on session management, persistent entity linking, and action logging.

```plantuml
@startuml
skinparam packageStyle rectangle
skinparam classAttributeIconSize 0
hide circle

' ==========================================
' STUBS FROM OTHER DOMAINS
' ==========================================
class User <<Stub>> {
  + id : UUID
}
class KnowledgeUnit <<Stub>> {
  + id : UUID
}
class Sentence <<Stub>> {
  + id : UUID
}

' ==========================================
' CHAT SYSTEM
' ==========================================
class ChatSession <<Entity>> {
  + id : UUID <<PK>>
  --
  user_id : UUID <<FK>>
  title : String
  created_at : Timestamp
  updated_at : Timestamp
}

class ChatMessage <<Entity>> {
  + id : UUID <<PK>>
  --
  session_id : UUID <<FK>>
  role : Enum (system, user, assistant)
  content : Text
  referenced_unit_ids : Array<UUID> -- Linked to KnowledgeUnit
  metadata : JSONB
  created_at : Timestamp
}

class ChatMessageAction <<Entity>> {
  + id : UUID <<PK>>
  --
  message_id : UUID <<FK>>
  action_type : Enum (ANALYZE, SEARCH, MINE)
  target_unit_id : UUID <<FK>>
  target_sentence_id : UUID <<FK>>
  created_at : Timestamp
}

' ==========================================
' CONNECTIONS
' ==========================================
User ||--o{ ChatSession
ChatSession ||--o{ ChatMessage
ChatMessage ||--o{ ChatMessageAction

' External Links
ChatMessageAction }o..|| KnowledgeUnit : "targets"
ChatMessageAction }o..|| Sentence : "targets"
ChatMessage }o..|| KnowledgeUnit : "references"

@enduml
```

## Key Architectural Decisions

1. **Explicit Action Logging**: Interactions performed via AI tools (like sentence analysis or database searching) are explicitly logged in `ChatMessageAction`. This allows for tracking which specific entities (Units or Sentences) were the focus of an AI response.

2. **Array-based Entity Referencing**: For technical simplicity and performance, referenced Knowledge Units are stored as a UUID array (`referenced_unit_ids`) directly on the `ChatMessage`. This allows the UI to quickly render interactive "CTA" buttons for units mentioned in the text.

3. **Threaded Session Management**: Storing chat in `ChatSession` allows users to maintain isolated conversation threads, keeping retrieval contexts clean for the RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) system.

4. **Rich Metadata**: The `metadata` field on `ChatMessage` stores tool execution details, reasoning traces, or other non-visible data that might be useful for debugging or advanced UI features.
